#summary How to use and test the development version of the TabViz extension.


Note:  This is about using and testing the development version of the !TabViz extension only.  To really use this extension in production in the future, you will be able to find it on Mozilla's addons page:  https://addons.mozilla.org/


If you just want to download the latest build to try it out, you can grab it from http://tabviz.googlecode.com/files/tabviz.xpi.  This file should automatically open in Firefox, or else you can go to File->Open and find it where you downloaded it. You may need to uninstall the previous version.  

You should be able to see the code in your profile folder (C:\Users\username\!AppData\Roaming\Mozilla\Firefox\Profiles\xxxxxxx.default on Windows Vista, or /Users/username/Library/Application Support/Firefox/Profiles/xxxxxxx.default on OS X) if you just want to tinker with the functionality. Proceed to steps 3-4 below. If you want to contribute to the project, follow the directions below to check out the code.
== 1. Get the code ==

Check out the code from the trunk of the Subversion repository.  (Start [http://code.google.com/p/tabviz/source/checkout here]).

Put the code somewhere on your system and remember the path.


== 2. Link your Firefox installation to the extension ==

  # Find the profile folder of your Firefox installation (e.g. C:\Users\username\!AppData\Roaming\Mozilla\Firefox\Profiles\xxxxxxx.default on Windows Vista).
  # Go into the "extensions" subdirectory.
  # Create a new text file here with the name: tabviz@tabviz.org
  # Put the path to the folder with the !TabViz code into the created text file (e.g. C:\Users\username\tabviz).  There shouldn't be anything else in this text file besides this path.



== 3. Restart Firefox ==

Note: You need to close all your Firefox windows.



== 4. Use the extension ==

Now the extension should start logging your open tabs and make screenshots of them.  You can click on the tabviz icon in the lower left corner of the statusbar to display the tab visualization.



Please send any comments and feedback to:  tab-viz@googlegroups.com